cloud data import: update data import docs as per new UI (#10265)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md

3. On the plan selection page, click **Get Started for Free** in the **Developer Tier** plan.

> 4. On the **Create Cluster** page, select **Developer Tier**. Update the default cluster name if necessary, and then select the region where you want to create your cluster.

Reviewer: **Developer Tier** is selected by default in the production environment.

> 4. On the **Create Cluster** page, select **Developer Tier**. Update the default cluster name if necessary, and then select the region where you want to create your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
4. On the **Create Cluster** page, **Developer Tier** is selected by default. Update the default cluster name if necessary, and then select the region where you want to create your cluster.
```

We provide Capital Bikeshare sample data for you to easily import data and run sample queries.

1. Navigate to the **Clusters** page.

> 2. Locate your cluster, and then click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the area of your newly created cluster, click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

Reviewer: This doc is a quick start. When users take this step, there is just one cluster in the cluster list.

We provide Capital Bikeshare sample data for you to easily import data and run sample queries.

1. Navigate to the **Clusters** page.

> 2. In the area of your newly created cluster, click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the area of your newly created cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

> 2. In the area of your newly created cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the area of your newly created cluster, click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

> 2. In the area of your newly created cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the area of your newly created cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS (the Developer Tier is hosted by AWS by default), fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**
    - **Location**: `AWS`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `s3://tidbcloud-samples/data-ingestion/`
    - **Role-ARN**: enter `arn:aws:iam::385595570414:role/import-sample-access`
    - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields

    Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

    </div>

    <div label="GCP">

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by GCP, fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**.
    - **Location**: `Google Cloud`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `gcs://tidbcloud-samples-us-west1`.
    - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields.

    Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

> 4. Modify the file patterns and add the table filter rules if needed. Click **Next**.

Reviewer: Since this doc is a quick start and users do not know the file structure of the sample data, can we tell users to click **Next** directly?

Author: OK deleted detailed instructions.

    - **Table Filter**: If you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify one or more table filters in this field, separated by `,`.

        For example:

        - `db01.*`: all tables in the `db01` database will be imported.
        - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.
        - `!db02.*`: except the tables in the `db02` database, all other tables will be imported. `!` is used to exclude tables that do not need to be imported.
        - `*.*` : all tables will be imported.

        For more information, see [table filter snytax](/table-filter.md#syntax).

5. On the **Preview** page, confirm the import data and then click **Start Import**.

The data import process will take 5 to 10 minutes. When the data import progress shows **Completed**, you have successfully imported the sample data and the database schema to your database in TiDB Cloud.

> Once the cluster finishes the data importing process, you will get the sample data in your database.

Reviewer: L190 seems unnecessary since the similar information has been covered in L188.

> Once the cluster finishes the data importing process, you will get the sample data in your database.

Author: ```suggestion
```

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS (the Developer Tier is hosted by AWS by default), fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**
    - **Location**: `AWS`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `s3://tidbcloud-samples/data-ingestion/`
    - **Role-ARN**: enter `arn:aws:iam::385595570414:role/import-sample-access`
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region name.

    Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

    </div>

    <div label="GCP">

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by GCP, fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**.
    - **Location**: `Google Cloud`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `gcs://tidbcloud-samples-us-west1`.
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region name.

    Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

> 4. Modify the file patterns and add the table filter rules if needed. For the sample data, you can skip this step. Click **Next**.

Reviewer 2: The format of  sample data is TiDB Dumpling which is not supported to modified the  file pattern.

Author: Updated. But on the console, when you select TiDB Dumpling, the File Pattern area still appears, though users can not configure it.

> 4. Modify the file patterns and add the table filter rules if needed. For the sample data, you can skip this step. Click **Next**.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Add the table filter rules if needed. For the sample data, you can skip this step. Click **Next**.
```

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS (the Developer Tier is hosted by AWS by default), fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**
    - **Location**: `AWS`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `s3://tidbcloud-samples/data-ingestion/`
    - **Role-ARN**: enter `arn:aws:iam::385595570414:role/import-sample-access`

>     - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region name.
```

>     Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

Author: ```suggestion
    If the location of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.
```

    </div>

    <div label="GCP">

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by GCP, fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**.
    - **Location**: `Google Cloud`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `gcs://tidbcloud-samples-us-west1`.

>     - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields.

Reviewer: ditto

>     - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region name.
```

>     Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

Author: ```suggestion
    Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.
    
    TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access the sample data in the specified bucket URL. After the validation is completed and successful, the import task starts automatically.
```

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

> 4. Modify the file patterns and add the table filter rules if needed. In this case, you can skip this step. Click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Modify the file patterns and add the table filter rules if needed. For the sample data, you can skip this step. Click **Next**.
```

> 5. On the **Preview** page, confirm the import data and then click **Start Import**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Preview** page, confirm the data to be imported and then click **Start Import**.
```

The data import process will take 5 to 10 minutes. When the data import progress shows **Completed**, you have successfully imported the sample data and the database schema to your database in TiDB Cloud.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS (the Developer Tier is hosted by AWS by default), fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**
    - **Location**: `AWS`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `s3://tidbcloud-samples/data-ingestion/`
    - **Role-ARN**: enter `arn:aws:iam::385595570414:role/import-sample-access`
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region name.

>     If the location of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

Author: ```suggestion
    If the region of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.
```

    </div>

    <div label="GCP">

    If your TiDB cluster is hosted by GCP, fill in the following parameters:

    - **Data Format**: select **TiDB Dumpling**.
    - **Location**: `Google Cloud`
    - **Bucket URL**: enter the sample data URL `gs://tidbcloud-samples-us-west1`.
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region name.

>     If the location of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

Author: ```suggestion
    If the region of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.
```

>     
>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access the sample data in the specified bucket URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access the sample data in the specified bucket URL. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).

Reviewer: For the sample data we provided, users should not get the `AccessDenied` error. How about removing this sentence for the  Quick Start doc and updating "Click **Next** " to "Click **Next** to validate the data access and go to the next page."

>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access the sample data in the specified bucket URL. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access the sample data in the specified bucket URL.
```

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

4. Add the table filter rules if needed. For the sample data, you can skip this step. Click **Next**.

5. On the **Preview** page, confirm the data to be imported and then click **Start Import**.

> The data import process will take 5 to 10 minutes. When the data import progress shows **Completed**, you have successfully imported the sample data and the database schema to your database in TiDB Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
The data import process will take 5 to 10 minutes. When the data import progress shows **Finished**, you have successfully imported the sample data and the database schema to your database in TiDB Cloud.
```
